docs: improve day 2 documentation & add guidance for task 1 (#19)
skyzh/mini-lsm: mini-lsm-book/src/02-sst.md

You can also align blocks to 4KB boundary so as to make it possible to do direct I/O in the future. This is an optional
optimization.

The recommend sequence to finish **Task 1** is as below:

- Implement `SsTableBuilder` in `src/table/builder.rs`
  - Before implementing `SsTableBuilder`, you may want to take a look in `src/table.rs`, for `FileObject` & `BlockMeta`.

>   - For `FileObject`, you should at least implement `read`, `size` and `create`(No need for Disk I/O) before day 4.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - For `FileObject`, you should at least implement `read`, `size` and `create` (No need for Disk I/O) before day 4.
```

  - For `BlockMeta`, you may want to add some extra fields when encoding / decoding the `BlockMeta` to / from a buffer.
- Implement `SsTable` in `src/table.rs`

>   - Same as above, you don't need to worry about `BlockCache` until day 4.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Same as above, you do not need to worry about `BlockCache` until day 4.
```

don't -> do not looks more formal? I forgot if I was sticking to this writing standard when I was writing this, but it is good to enforce that afterwards 🤪
